TFT Mobile Players Must Transfer on a Computer
If you play TFT exclusively on your mobile device and are looking to transfer servers, you'll have to download the PC/Mac client and transfer there.

Did League of Legends/TeamFight Tactics launch in your country or region? Do you want to play with your friends on a region different from where you started? Or, maybe you have moved countries altogether?

Whatever the reason, make sure you bring your account with you! This FAQ should answer some basic questions about transfers and it should also help troubleshoot some common transfer issues. 

The Basics
How can I purchase a transfer?
You can purchase a transfer in the store, by clicking the account buttonaccount.png next to "Purchase RP".

Where can I transfer to?
Here is a list of available transfer locations in each region. GREEN indicates a transfer is possible, while BLACK shows it is not.

account-transfers-regions.jpg

How much does it cost?
2600 RP for a one way transfer.

How do transfer tokens work?
Whenever there is a transfer promotion in any given region, eligible accounts receive a transfer token that can be used to transfer your account to a server specified in the promotion for free. You will only be able to use the token while the transfer promotion is active. If you choose not to use it, the token will be removed once the promotion is over.

How long does it take?
The transfers should be near-instantaneous for most accounts. However, accounts that have an astronomical amount of RP will have a short waiting period as we conduct a manual review to protect them from any potential malicious behaviors.

How often can I transfer servers?
Account transfers have a 90-day cooldown. In other words, if you transfer servers you’ll have to wait 90 days before you’re able to make another transfer.

I accidentally transferred. Can you move me back?
We cannot reverse accidental transfers, so please be absolutely sure that you want to move between regions. We won't be able to refund it, either :(

But my friend pushed the transfer button when I wasn't looking!!
Sorry, but we are very strict about this stuff. Don't leave your computer unattended or unlocked when you are logged into your League of Legends account, especially in a public place! We have some tips on account security here.

But I am unable to purchase RP in the region I accidentally transferred to! What can I do?
Send us a support ticket and we will help you buy RP with other Payment Options.

My account was hijacked and transferred to another region. Do I have to pay to get back?
No. We will restore your account in the region where you were playing prior to the hijack. For more information about account recovery please see this article.

How will it affect my account?
What will Transfer in League of Legends?
Things That Will Transfer 	Things That Won't Transfer 
Summoner Level	Victory Points
Champions and skins (ward skins, too)	Forum Badges
Emotes	Current Ranked League placement
(Exception: Accounts transferred due to the SEA server consolidation)
Rune pages	Your Shop offers
Summoner Icons	Clash Club affiliations
XP boosts	Clash Match History
BE balance	Ranked Split Points
Remaining RP (after the cost of the transfer)	 
Friends List	 
Hextech Crafting Inventory	 
Champion Mastery levels	 
Hidden MMR value (adapted to the new region)	 
Statistics: games played, takedowns, wins, etc.	 
Loading screen borders	 
Item Sets	 
Riot ID	 
Username (as long as it's globally unique)	 
Eternals Progress	 
Challenges Progress	 
Mission Progress	 
Loot Milestone Progress	 
Event Pass Progress	 
Honor Level	 
Clash Trophies	 
Clash Banners	 
Clash Flag Frames	 
What will Transfer in Teamfight Tactics?
Things That Will Transfer 	Things That Won't Transfer 
Little Legends	 
Arena Skins	 
Opened/Unopened Hextech Content	 
Mission Progress (including Orb of Enlightenment, the Beta Pass, etc.)	 
Event Pass Progress	 
For Teamfight Tactics, if you transfer, make progress, and then transfer back, your progress will revert back to where you'd left off upon making the first initial transfer.

How will it affect my latency?
Please bear in mind the geographical distance between your location and any given region that you are transferring to. The regions in League of Legends are divided based on server and network infrastructure proximity and are not defined geopolitically.

How will it affect my Ranked Standing?
You'll need to play all-new placement games on your new server. The seeding will be based on your current MMR relative to the MMR of everyone on that server, so you could end up in a different Tier or Division compared to the League you were in on your original server.

If you ever decide to transfer back to a previous region, you'll be unranked again and have to replay all placement matches as though you were transferring to a new server.

For more information on MMR decay, check out our Ranked Play FAQ.

Common Issues
Will I get to keep my Riot ID when I transfer?
Yep! One of the major benefits of transitioning from Summoner Names to Riot IDs is making everybody’s in-game name globally unique. That means that nobody else in the whole world has the same Riot ID as you, so there will never be a need to change when transferring—unless you want to change your Riot ID, of course.

I want to transfer on a patch day.
When there is a new patch, transfers will be unavailable until the destination server has finished patching. Please wait until the server you want to transfer to finishes the patching process.

My transfer failed for some reason not listed above. What do I do?
Please send us a ticket with the following information:

Username:
Riot ID:
Email:
Current server (NA/EUW/EUNE/etc):
Server you want to transfer to:
A screenshot of your error: 