There may come a time when you choose to either deactivate or delete your Riot Account, and that’s okay (though we’d hate to see you go). But it's important to realize that, in this multi-game future, your Riot Account affects every Riot game tied to it. If you take actions to delete your "League" account and leave the game forever, you may also be losing your VALORANT, Wild Rift, and Legends of Runeterra accounts for good. We know that sounds intense, so to ensure you're armed with all the knowledge you need, let's talk about deleting and deactivating accounts.

What is the difference between account deletion and account deactivation?
Account deletion will permanently delete all personal information associated with your account. You'll never be able to access the account again, and once it's gone, there's no bringing it back.

Account deactivation will restrict access to your account, but all of your account data will remain untouched. No one will be able to log in to the account while it is deactivated, and your information will remain on our database. This process is reversible at any time upon request. Please note that account deactivation will NOT prevent your rank from decaying.

Account Deactivation
How do I deactivate my account?
Before you request for an account deactivation, please note that it's fine to just leave your account active even if you do not plan on using it. Your account will not be deleted or otherwise harmed by remaining enabled.

If you'd like to deactivate your account, please submit a ticket to Player Support. We recommend that you delete any payment information from your account before we deactivate it.

Account Deletion
How long does it take to delete an account?
WARNING
Your account will be deleted 30 days after your request, and you will not be able to access it during this time.

If you change your mind after submitting a deletion request, please reply to the automated message sent to your associated email as quickly as possible. If you don't let us know at least five days in advance of the deletion date, we will not be able to save your account.

Account Deletions and Data Requests
If you'd like to make a data request for your account, make sure to do so before deleting it. You can submit a data request by following this guide.

Will I be able to use my username, Riot ID, Summoner Name, or email address again after my account is deleted?
After the deletion is finalized, your username, Riot ID, Summoner Name, and email address will all be usable with a new account. But be warned! If someone else wants to swoop in and use that info for themselves, there’s nothing to stop them.

How do I request to get my account deleted?
Deleting your account is a big decision, but the process is very easy. If you’re sure you want to move forward, simply follow this link to get things started. As a final reminder, please be aware that account deletion is completely permanent.

If you're having issues with the above process, you can also submit a ticket with the following information: 

REQUEST TYPE: Account Management, Data Requests, or Deletion

TICKET SUBJECT: Account Deletion

Account Name (what you sign into the League, VALORANT, Legends of Runeterra, etc. client with)
Summoner Name (if applicable)
The server you play on
Creation date of the account
Location that you registered the account from (City, Country)
The email address used to originally register your account
If you're unable to provide all of the above information, we may need to ask you some questions to verify ownership. We take these steps to ensure the security of all accounts.