If your account has already been compromised, submit a ticket, talk to one of us to get it back, and then come right back here and read on.

Verify Your URL
If a page looks suspicious, it probably is. Never log in with your Riot credentials to any website other than authenticate.riotgames.com

Your Riot account is more than just a username. It's the culmination of a lot of hard work, whether your investment is measured in hours, dollars, or both. And though we do everything we can to keep your account secure, there are a few simple steps you can—and should!—take to deter would-be thieves, phishers, and general ne'er-do-wells.

Verify your email
Make your account truly your own by going to your account page and verifying your email. This simple step is enough to stop anybody from changing your password/email without verifying that action through email first. It's also necessary to use our multi-factor authentication, which you can read up on below.

Enable multi-factor authentication
MFA (Multi-Factor Authentication) is the simplest, fastest way to bulk up the security of your account with just a few clicks. Once it's enabled, anybody attempting to log into your account will have to verify their identity using either Riot Mobile or the email associated with the account. So go enable MFA now!

Choose a secure password
If you would like to create your own password, try to steer clear of common mistakes like easy-to-guess words (names of friends, family, etc) and numbers (we're looking at you, birthdays). The simplest, most effective method we can recommend: Choose a few unrelated, uncommon words, and string them together. That's your password.

Still, this won't help you with the other hallmarks of a good password, like numbers, special characters, and the chaotic power of true randomness. That's why we recommend you...

Use a password manager
The ideal password is long and random, which unfortunately also makes it difficult to remember. So why not use a program that solves all three problems at once?

Password managers are excellent at creating and storing secure passwords for just about any account. Better still, most of them offer their main features free of cost! Just enter password manager in your search engine of choice and figure out which one is right for you.

Protect your email account
Security begins and ends at your email. If somebody knows your email credentials, they can submit a password reset request to just about any site, game, or app, thus gaining full access to your account. That's why most email providers have their own multi-factor authentication. This feature can usually be found in the security section of your provider's settings, but if you can't seem to find it, a quick search will tell you everything you need to know!

Log off in shared spaces
Being able to play wherever, whenever is one of the big perks of having a Riot account. Alas, it also opens the door to potential abuse, so slam it shut! Done for the day? Turn off the device. Just getting up to grab a snack? Sign off first. Ez pz.

Don't share your Riot account
Rank boosting, account trading, profile sharing… All of these activities violate our Terms of Use. The risk of getting banned aside, sharing your account can make it much harder to recover. Only you should have access to your Riot account, and only through your email address. 

Beware of phishing attempts
If anyone, ever, asks for your account information, do not give it to them. Riot already has access to your account and can make any needed adjustments without asking for your password. If you do receive an email from us, this list of verified addresses is a good place to check its legitimacy. Get something that seems real, but it's not from any of the listed domains? Send us a ticket, and we'll get to the bottom of it together!